Okay,
guys.
And welcome back again.
Italian.
Okay,
so we've got a few French words.
Let's get straight into this with Italian.
Remember,
make sure you choose a location that will instantly remind you of Italy.
Okay,
Hagos knife could tell No folk for Quetta.
Spoon cookie ale plate Pierre toe bold Cartola
cope.
That's a glass Beaky era buckle.
Bhatia Source.
Men Casserole Ola Cattle Bob Auditory Okay.
Did you manage to create some weird and wonderful scenes out of those?
As always,
if you struggled with any,
review your scene and see if there's anything you can make stronger using your knees.
OK,
here's how I remember them.
Knife Otello calling.
Tell us with a knife cold Tell cool.
Tell no folk.
Forget a fork being used by Etta James for Quetta for Quetta Spoon Cookie Ale.
The Seven Dwarfs using spoons to eat cookies.
Heigh ho cookie Io Cook Yale Spoon Plate Piatt I have peering at a toe on a plate.
Pierre Teau P Atal.
Okay,
Bull Chuck Tola Listening to the charts in a bowl ola chance in a bowl Ola Chart Allah
Chuck Taylor Coop catsup on old tatty cup cat That's a glass be hairy.
I have a glass full of biscuits.
Biggie and hair Biggie Air Bkl Bottle Bhatia sitting on your body with a bottle.
So spin casserole cooking a casserole in a pattern.
And finally,
kettle Molitoris,
a kettle boiling.
Tory's well done.
Next,
we're going to take a look at yet another romance language.
Spanish.
We're going to do exactly the same ways again.
And just to be sure that you stole them in a completely different location.
Something Spanish E.
Okay,
I'll see you in the next lecture.